update-hubs-readme (#27)
bump-sh/examples: hubs/README.md

# Hubs examples

> This directory holds OpenAPI & AsyncAPI Example API Contract files for API Portals or [Hubs](https://docs.bump.sh/help/hubs/) as we call them.

Reviewer: The help page about Hubs isn't very good for now (it mostly deals with the CLI usage of Hubs) what about linking to our marketing page about Hubs?

```suggestion
This directory holds OpenAPI & AsyncAPI Example API Contract files for API Portals or [Hubs](https://bump.sh/api-catalog) as we call them.
```
